Docs nsec (#15371)
PowerDNS/pdns: docs/dnssec/modes-of-operation.rst

signing mode, or can be pre-signed using tools like OpenDNSSEC, ldns-signzone,
and dnssec-signzone.

Even in this mode, PowerDNS will synthesize NSEC/NSEC3 records itself

> because of its architecture. RRSIGs of these NSEC/NSEC3 will still need to

Reviewer: maybe
```suggestion
because of its architecture. RRSIGs of these records will still need to
```
then.
